for the rami so what brings you you I
want to change and I heard you can help
me speak the straightforward word but I
[Music]
feel like I have this hole that I've
been trying to fill are you praying five
times a day and you drag it off five
times a day I'm trying to fill it with
sex it only makes things worse I want
you to be my teacher I want to kill my
ego I don't know I'm not just another
one of your desires I don't want to have
sex with you
welcome to the path brother we always
talk about being Muslim right that means
we gotta help other people [ __ ] wrong
she's really hot discipline trauma it's
impossible it is 2020 they don't want a
man like me anymore
they want a man like you a man if he's a
little bit like a woman but they're
still officially a man look everything
has a blessing or a curse one truth is
everything is boss
we are forever bound good love
compassion honesty almost no every
shower touch alas masturbated my with
the he must come to Allah clean
[Music]
everything that's good is Muslim its
Muslim it's soft s like [ __ ] [ __ ]
Muslim yeah [ __ ] Musk and I think
there's other ways to learn this though
[Music]
you